Even if the sun comes out in the west
It is impossible for this bid to fall to the Liu family
Bunch of trash
How can I afford to undertake the projects of Tonggong Group?
Qingxue, don't listen to him
Believe in yourself
Xiao Chen, do you think I'm humiliated enough?
I won't force you if you don't go
But you have no right to stop me
Liu Qingxue, don't go
This dog thing around you is flamboyant
Quite confident
I'm still waiting for you to win the bid.
Come and hit me in the face
Jin Xue still has some time anyway
Let's hope for a miracle
I'm so sorry.
There was a small delay just now.
Now I'm officially announcing
The successful bidding of this project bidding conference is
MasterCard
Oops some people
I don't know where the confidence comes from
A bunch of ants dare to argue with me
humiliate yourself
Xiao Chen, is that enough now?
Give me face
This is what you said about winning the bidding
Qingxue, listen to my explanation
They must have cheated. Cheating.
The Wanjiazhong specimen is well-deserved
I shouldn't have come in in the first place with clear snow
The Gold Label Conference has ended.
I won the bidding
We can also calculate our accounts well
The Gold Label Conference is not over yet
Luo Zhiqiang, you are for your own selfish desires
Forcibly tampering with the decision of the senior management of Tenglong Group
What is your crime?